# Terms of Service

## 1. Terms

By accessing the website at <http://TaskRatchet.com> or its subdomains or related mobile apps (hereafter referred to as the Properties), you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing the Properties. The materials contained in the Properties are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.

## 2. Use License

1. Permission is granted to temporarily download the materials (information or software) on the Properties. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
   1. modify or copy the materials;
   2. attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on the Properties;
   3. remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
   4. transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
2. This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by TaskRatchet at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.

## 3. Disclaimer

1. The materials on the Properties are provided on an 'as is' basis. TaskRatchet makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
2. Further, TaskRatchet does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on the Properties or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to the Properties.

## 4. Limitations

In no event shall TaskRatchet or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on the Properties, even if TaskRatchet or a TaskRatchet authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.

## 5. Accuracy of materials

The materials appearing on the Properties could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. TaskRatchet does not warrant that any of the materials on the Properties are accurate, complete or current. TaskRatchet may make changes to the materials contained on the Properties at any time without notice. However TaskRatchet does not make any commitment to update the materials.

## 6. Links

TaskRatchet has not reviewed all of the sites linked to the Properties and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by TaskRatchet of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user's own risk.

## 7. Modifications

TaskRatchet may revise these terms of service for the Properties at any time without notice. By using the Properties you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.

## 8. Governing Law

These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Michigan and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.

Generated by [GetTerms.io](https://getterms.io/)

## Changelog

- 2022-06-16: Added changelog
- 2024-02-05: Updated changelog dates to use YYYY-MM-DD format
- 2024-02-05: Updated section 1 to include subdomains and mobile apps
- 2024-02-05: Updated terms to use the Properties as shorthand for the website and related mobile apps covered by these terms
- 2024-02-05: Updated section 8 to use Michigan as the governing law
- 2024-02-05: Added link to full document history

[See full history of this document](https://github.com/TaskRatchet/TaskRatchet.com/commits/master/src/terms.md)
